there is a place on earth where animals
live it is called our massive planet
Wow there's some nice blue colors in
this image weird where could where in
the world is this at Kevin well actually
Andrew I know that looks like blue but
that's orange that's a big fish
well actually that's a whale well it's
not a great fish well is the largest
mammal on earth and it's so large
because it has the battle dinosaurs
there's dinosaurs under the ocean and
they live in the valleys and the whale
is their natural predator now isn't what
he doing here isn't this called the worm
why isn't it called the whale well some
people think that's called the worm but
actually it is called the well that's
what the whale is called
that's correct it's a dance move it's
used to ward off predators it's also
used when they're gonna have really bad
diarrhea so people
so is that the daughter or son of the
wind whales don't have gender that's
that's the offspring and it basically
follows the well around for its early
years until it gets bored and it kills
its own
that's why whales are fairly hard to
find because they're either dead that's
what's it happening in this image is
this whale dead
well this was contemplating the meaning
of life right now is this a whale's
snack that we're looking at right now or
no those are actually well pets
those are it's the equivalent of poodles
oh that's pretty scared you all right
there that comes up three weeks ago
yeah weeks I can tell that's three weeks
cause a length of teeth yeah oh so uh
whale was sunbathing his tail here is
that a common practice someone whales
actually that whale just killed itself
is Lily just sitting down at the bottom
of the ocean well I think whales are
getting pretty boring I know I wonder if
we're gonna get some different footage
of a different type of animal I would
hope so but I mean until then just know
that is a submarine and not a well it's
a Russian test pilot driven program so
it's a killer type of animal
yes actually the killer whale on is an
acronym it stands for something in
Russian but it's very lethal and I see
this type is going from the black and
white look instead of the dark like
camouflages very well against the black
and white algae on the bottom of the
ocean floor there's this the Santa wheel
there's a nice little patch of white on
the chin let's see
well no whales are atheists so they
don't believe in religion and they don't
celebrate Christmas I don't know why
they would say they did but he
discovered the beauty of clear so which
ended up killing him and that's what
you're saying there is this - whales
mating
so I see this whales also killed itself
it's risen to the surface no actually
that whale is just rising the stirrups
to get a breath of fresh air it's
enjoying life I don't know why you would
think that on these bubbles back here
was that is they just flat garnets
yes and he's much like you looks like
those two wheels are having fun yeah oh
yeah same shot again what's up with our
cameramen someone's gonna get sacked
well I think we were coming to a close
here I'd like to thank you Kevin for
your a wonderful insight on the world of
whales and then we will be with you next
weekend we're talking about cheetahs so
come back and see us
Thanks thank you
you